# Smokehouse Station - MSMC Recruitment Franchise // 2.21.5014u

En route to a main MSMC installation, the squad mingled with eachother for the first time. The eccentric trio comprised of the corpro e-celebrity-turned-rouge **LACHESIS**, the failed revolutionary **DEATHCAP**, and the seedy tech junkie and massive nerd **CATCH** hit it up the station's dive bar - just about its sole attraction. There, they bonded over the bar's self-proclaimed "famous" bug cheese grilled sandwiches, and some imitation caviar of dubious origins. It was then that they recieved a notification to immediately make their way to what they discovered to be a simulation room.

There, their would-be Commanding Officer informed them that their recruitment was ordered to be expedited and their final examination was to begin immediately. It was then they undertook **The Milkrun**, the infamously grueling final test in MSMC recruitment and advancement.

**LACHESIS** acted swiftly to secure the ~~milk~~package, taking down several of its guard detail with some fire support from her team. **CATCH** kept important targets in disarray with an unconventional cyber warfare suite that, the commander noted, the station's on-board NHP had trouble scrubbing from the station's databanks completely, despite the excercise taking place in a thought-to-be contained virtual environment. **DEATHCAP**, either through luck or incredible foresight, took the brunt of enemy fire and electronic warfare attacks and quickly managed to re-secure the EZ from flanking enemy reinforcements using mining equipment she adamantly specified should be added to her mech despite initial resistance from the engineering comp-con assigned to mech printing.

Needless to say passed with an unexpected degree of proficiency, though normally the event would be semi-live-fire their ability to remain perfectly calm under pressure and completely outmaneuver and overwhelm their combat comp-con adversaries with unconventional tactics were each noted by their CO.

Having attained the recognition of their CO, and with them MSMC, they were immediately given their first assignment. Details were not forthcoming; they were told only that they would be travelling to a relatively-newly-colonized world known as **HERCYNIA** and to expect further details after departure. They were each issued LL0 Lancer Piloting Licenses and with them, the official and legally-recognized ability to print and own GMS Frames, arms and systems. Their mechs would be printed aboard the factory-shuttle they would be boarding en-route to the contract world.

With a degree of uncertainty hanging after a very successful virtual assessment, the trio travel to their assigned shuttle and wait in anticipation for further orders.

# . . .

# Evergreen - Landmark Colonial - Smith-Shimano subsidiary // 2.28.5014u

The squad was finally formally introduced to their Commanding Officer, **CORONA**. She quickly gave them the run-down on the not-so-detailed situation boiling over on Landmark Colonial's colony on Hercynia known as Evergreen and their legal obligations to the company. This introduction seemed just as expedited as all the other steps in this recruitment process, strangely enough. The main points were:

1. The contract will be fulfilled in one year's time.
2. Union reccomends collaboration with Landmark Colonial, whose colony sent out the distress signal.
3. Practice extreme caution as the surface is known to be especially volatile, with unexploded ordinance, nuclear radiation zones, and other dangers dotting the globe.

With little more than a vague idea of general violence planet-side, the trio departed from their Light Carrier escort vessel aboard an automated shuttle, which made landfall just outside the burgeoning colonial city.

There, they met militia commander **BRAVA HADURA**. She didn't waste time exchanging many formalities as she escorted the squad into the city and towards the colonial administrator's office. There, they met another new face in the Municipal NHP **PATIENCE**. They asked the NHP several questions pertaining to recent events, and were promptly filled in on the NHP's interpretation of events. Long story short, the colony was set upon by raiders 14 months ago, starting with the slaughter and ramsacking of some homesteads north of the city. Since then, the raiders have made it more and more difficult - and dangerous - to do any appreciable work outside the city and even have a chokehold on inner-city business. **LACHESIS** specifically brought up the concern - the talk of 'bugs' being the enemy.

The NHP was quick to dismiss what they called an ill-informed rumor, showing the squad footage of these so-called bugs being slain - and revealing they are simply humans using chitin plate and insect-like exosuits as rudimentary armor. The NHP dismissed these bugs - so-called "Egregorians" - have any significant role in the colony's current predicament, noting their apparent lack of higher reasoning from what little historical documentation it could find and the intentionality of these attacks. Additionally, the NHP revealed that operations on the planet by SecComm was responsible for the apparent eradication of these "bugs." They admit, though, it is possible some of them exist in some corner of the world. But as far as they are concerned, the Egregorians are a non-issue, while the human raiders represent a very present issue demanding immediate response.

Having gone through a brief history of these events, **PATIENCE** offered the party their first mission planet-side: help the colony get back on its feet. They recieved two time-sensitive options. One: Link up with the chief engineer of the Colonial Engineering Corps (CEC) Castor Fielding and escort he and his engineers while they repair the colony's Landing Bowl, re-enabling the colony to recieve large shipments easily and securely; without such repairs, good will have to continue to be ferried in by shuttle outside the city similar to how the squad got there in the first place, a huge production bottleneck.

Two: Track down and destroy the sniper that's been harassing the colony. The sniper is wielding some sort of large-calibre anti-material or anti-armor ordanance, causing severe disruptions in operations even inside the city. If they are allowed to continue, the city will find it ever-difficult to manage work in general, causing the current deceleration in colonial productivity to continue.

The group spoke amongst themselves for a while before **PATIENCE** finally dismissed them, directing the squad to let them know once a decision has been made. **LACHESIS** and **DEATHCAP** particularly going off on their own tangents. Leaving the Governor's Farm, the trio took to investigation. Conversing with local some locals, mostly farmers but at least one teacher and one fuel technician, **DEATHCAP** got a decent idea on how the populace seems to have gotten jaded from the violence, frustrated with ever-growing production bottlenecks, and exhausted by overwork from a lack of manpower. She also got an idea to explore outside the city and talk to the non-citizens and get their perspective, though she and the rest of the team decided to regroup at The Bottom of the Well, a local tavern and appartment complex open to spacers. Before this, though, **CATCH** decided to do some snooping on the local intranet, finding a story about someone claiming to have met a foreigner themselves claiming to be from a different part of the world looking for a child. This intrigued **CATCH** a little too much, prompting him to dig through every bit of the user's activity history.

Once together once more, the group discussed the happenings of the day and sampled the local cuisine in their own unique ways; **LACHESIS** focusing on varied alcoholic substances, **DEATHCAP** ordering a local specialty, and **CATCH** misunderstanding the concept of food entirely, prompting a long trip to the rest room and a retreat to his personal room. Before this, they agree on the 2nd option presented to them by **PATIENCE** and schedule tomorrow's mission briefing appropriately. **DEATHCAP** also discovered a strange message scrawled on the bulletin board with inconsistent ramblings about the fragility of space-time in certain places and the words "ABSOLUTE DEAD" printed especially violently at the bottom of the page.

**LACHESIS** entertained themselves through the night, while the events of the day put **DEATHCAP** in a mood of self-reflection. Deciding to head to their quarters next, **LACHESIS** was left none-the-happier to make merry with the locals for the rest of the active night.

The next day, the squad's first true day on their first contract as Lancers begins.

# . . .

# // Signing out.