Thalia was born to a well-off family on one of the first few worlds the resurgent Union reclaimed. For generations, her family has been heavily invested in Union, and more specifically, its military. Her great-grandfather and grandfather both participated in reclamation efforts in other areas of the local arm, and her mother fought in some of the first skirmishes of the Second Distal War. Growing up, Thalia always felt she had a lot to live up to, but when she came of age, she willingly took up that mantle and joined up the Union Navy Expeditionary Forces. It was always her dream to be the first in her family to become a Lancer, to pilot a mech and spread Union's shining justice across the stars. When that day finally came, it wasn't how she expected.

Thalia was in the U.N.E.F. for eight years, fighting in all manner of places, but all the while growing more and more jaded. She watched some of her friends die, and watched others commit enough atrocities to start doubting her judgement in picking sides. Over the years, she became an experienced and grizzled but jaded soldier. She was promoted through the ranks several times, but each promotion felt more and more hollow, leaving a hole in her soul that she felt was bigger than the mech that she at this point would never pilot - until a notable mercenary company made her an offer. She could come work for them, and they would train her in mech combat, but she would owe them three times as many years of service as she spent in training. Seeing no other way of achieving her dream, she accepted.

Years later, she has now earned her L0 mech license and is ready for her first drop, but secretly, she's tortured by her past as well as the charade she keeps up for her family, who still believe her to be serving as a lancer in the U.N.E.F. She couldn't summon the courage to tell them that she'd abandoned the seemingly pure ideals of the military and turned mercenary, so each week, she calls them and makes up stories of the exciting missions Union will be sending her on to preserve justice and humanity, and all the while, all she can think of is her next paycheck.